## Command "run"

### Synopsis

`argocd-image-updater run [flags]`

### Description

Runs the Argo CD Image Updater, possibly in an endless loop with a set of options. 

### Flags

**--application-namespace *namespace***

Specifies the Kubernetes namespace in which Argo CD Image Updater will manage Argo CD Applications when using the Kubernetes-based Application API. By default, applications in all namespaces are considered. This flag can be used to limit scope to a single namespace for performance, security, or organizational reasons.

**--applications-api *api kind***

API kind that is used to manage Argo CD applications ('kubernetes' or 'argocd') (default "kubernetes")

Can also be set using the *APPLICATIONS_API* environment variable.

**--argocd-auth-token *token***

Use *token* for authenticating to the Argo CD API. This token must be a base64
encoded JWT, as generated by Argo CD.

The token can also be set using the *ARGOCD_TOKEN* environment variable.

**--argocd-grpc-web**

If this flag is given, use the gRPC-web protocol to connect to the Argo CD API.
This can be useful if your Argo CD API is behind a proxy that does not support
HTTP/2, or only accept HTTP/2 on the front end.

Can also be set using the *ARGOCD_GRPC_WEB* environment variable.

**--argocd-insecure**

If specified, the certificate of the Argo CD API server is not verified. Useful
if you are using a self-signed TLS certificate for the Argo CD API server. As
the name implies, this is an *insecure* setting and should not be used for
production systems.

Can also be set using the *ARGOCD_INSECURE* environment variable.

**-argocd-namespace *namespace***

namespace where ArgoCD runs in (current namespace by default)

**--argocd-plaintext**

If specified, use an unencrypted HTTP connection to the ArgoCD API instead of
TLS.

Can also be set using the *ARGOCD_PLAINTEXT* environment variable.

**--argocd-server-addr *server address***

Connect to the Argo CD API server at *server address*. *server address* must
be a valid IP address or DNS host name, optionally with a port specification
delimited using a colon, i.e. *10.23.42.5* or *argocd-server.argocd:8080*.
If no port given, the protocol default will be used: Port 80 for plaintext
connections, and port 443 for TLS connections.

Can also be set using the *ARGOCD_SERVER* environment variable.

**--disable-kube-events**

Disable kubernetes events

Can also be set with the *IMAGE_UPDATER_KUBE_EVENTS* environment variable.

**--disable-kubernetes**

If running locally, and you do not have a working connection to any Kubernetes
cluster, this flag will prevent Argo CD Image Updater from creating a client
to interact with Kubernetes. When Kubernetes access is disabled, pull secrets
for images can only be specified from an environment variable.

**--dry-run**

If this flag is set, Argo CD Image Updater won't actually perform any changes
to workloads it found in need for upgrade.

**--git-commit-email *email***

E-Mail address to use for Git commits (default "noreply@argoproj.io")

Can also be set using the *GIT_COMMIT_EMAIL* environment variable.

**--git-commit-message-path *path*** 

Path to a template to use for Git commit messages (default "/app/config/commit.template")

**--git-commit-sign-off**

Whether to sign-off git commits

**--git-commit-signing-key *key***

GnuPG key ID or path to Private SSH Key used to sign the commits

Can also be set using the *GIT_COMMIT_SIGNING_KEY* environment variable. 

**--git-commit-signing-method *method*** 

Method used to sign Git commits ('openpgp' or 'ssh') (default "openpgp")

Can also be set using the *GIT_COMMIT_SIGNING_METHOD* environment variable.

**--git-commit-user *user***

Username to use for Git commits (default "argocd-image-updater")

Can also be set using the *GIT_COMMIT_USER* environment variable.

**--health-port *port***

Specifies the local port to bind the health server to. The health server is
used to provide health and readiness probes when running as K8s workload.
Use value *0* for *port* to disable launching the health server.

**-h, --help**

help for run

**--interval *duration***

Sets the interval for checking whether there are new images available to
*duration*. *duration* must be given as a valid duration identifier with
a unit suffix, i.e. `2m` for 2 minutes or `30s` for 30 seconds. If no unit
is given, milliseconds will be assumed. If set to `0`, ArgoCD Image Updater
will exit after the first run, effectively disabling the interval. Default
value is `2m0s`.

Can also be set using the *IMAGE_UPDATER_INTERVAL* environment variable.
The `--interval` flag takes precedence over the `IMAGE_UPDATER_INTERVAL` environment variable.

The order of precedence for determining the update interval is as follows:

1.  **`--interval` flag:** If the `--interval` command-line flag is provided, its value will be used.
2.  **`IMAGE_UPDATER_INTERVAL` environment variable:** If the `--interval` flag is not set, the value of the `IMAGE_UPDATER_INTERVAL` environment variable will be used.
3.  **Default value:** If neither the `--interval` flag nor the `IMAGE_UPDATER_INTERVAL` environment variable is set, the default value will be used.

**--kubeconfig *path***

Specify the Kubernetes client config file to use when running outside a
Kubernetes cluster, i.e. `~/.kube/config`. When specified, Argo CD Image
Updater will use the currently active context in the configuration to connect
to the Kubernetes cluster.

**--loglevel *level***

Set the log level to *level*, where *level* can be one of `trace`, `debug`,
`info`, `warn` or `error`.

Can also be set using the *IMAGE_UPDATER_LOGLEVEL* environment variable.

**--match-application-label *selector***

Only process applications that have a valid annotation and match the given
*label* selector. The *selector* is a string that matches the standard kubernetes
[label selector syntax][]. For e.g., `custom.label/name=xyz` would be a valid label
that can be supplied through this parameter. Any applications carrying this
exact label will be considered as candidates for image updates. This parameter
currently does not support pattern matching on label values (e.g `customer.label/name=*-staging`).
You can specify equality, inequality, or set based requirements or a combination.
For e.g., `app,app!=foo,custom.label/name=xyz,customer in (a,b,c)`

**--match-application-name *pattern***

Only process applications that have a valid annotation and matches the given
*pattern*. The *pattern* is a simple glob pattern and supports file system
style wildcards, i.e. `*-staging` would match any application name with a
suffix of `-staging`. Can be specified multiple times to define more than
one pattern, from which at least one has to match.

**--max-concurrency *number***

Process a maximum of *number* applications concurrently. To disable concurrent
application processing, specify a number of `1`.

**--metrics-port *port***

port to start the metrics server on, 0 to disable (default 8081)

**--once**

A shortcut for specifying `--interval 0 --health-port 0`. If given,
Argo CD Image Updater will exit after the first update cycle.

**--registries-conf-path *path***

Load the registry configuration from file at *path*. Defaults to the path
`/app/config/registries.conf`. If no configuration should be loaded, and the
default configuration should be used instead, specify the empty string, i.e.
`--registries-conf-path=""`.

**--warmup-cache**

whether to perform a cache warm-up on startup (default true)

[label selector syntax]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/#label-selectors